docs(browser-starfish): init resource image view docs (#8874)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/resources.md

## Prerequisites and Limitations

> The resource pages are only available for frontend JavaScript projects with performance monitoring enabled. Currently only JavaScript, CSS, Images, and certain resources that are initiated by CSS (such as fonts), are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource pages are only available for frontend JavaScript projects with performance monitoring enabled. Currently only JavaScript, CSS, images, and certain resources that are initiated by CSS (such as fonts), are supported.
```

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: calc(50.829268292682926% + 41px); height: 0;"><iframe src="https://demo.arcade.software/D96Pu2LMLHddyVCn3BOd?embed" frameborder="0" loading="lazy" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;color-scheme: light;"></iframe></div>

### Image Samples

> When viewing an image resource, the resource summary page will also show the 5 largest images samples. If size information is not available, the samples will not be ordered in any particular order. If the images are publically accessible and the 'Enable Images' project settings is enabled, then the real images will be rendered in the UI.

Reviewer 2: Should we specify what extensions we consider images?

Author: Yup, good idea!

Author: done!

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: calc(50.829268292682926% + 41px); height: 0;"><iframe src="https://demo.arcade.software/D96Pu2LMLHddyVCn3BOd?embed" frameborder="0" loading="lazy" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;color-scheme: light;"></iframe></div>

### Image Samples

> When viewing an image resource, the resource summary page will also show the 5 largest images samples. We determine if the span is an image if it has one of the following extensions: 'jpg', 'jpeg', 'png', 'gif', 'svg', 'webp', 'apng','avif'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When viewing an image resource, the resource summary page will also show the 5 largest image samples. Sentry determines the span is an image if it has one of the following extensions: 'jpg', 'jpeg', 'png', 'gif', 'svg', 'webp', 'apng', 'avif'.
```

> If size information is not available, the samples will not be ordered in any particular order. If the images are publically accessible and the 'Enable Images' project settings is enabled, then the real images will be rendered in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If size information is not available, the samples will not be ordered in any particular order. If the images are publicly accessible and the 'Enable Images' project settings is enabled, then the actual images will be rendered in the UI.
```

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: calc(50.829268292682926% + 41px); height: 0;"><iframe src="https://demo.arcade.software/D96Pu2LMLHddyVCn3BOd?embed" frameborder="0" loading="lazy" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;color-scheme: light;"></iframe></div>

### Image Samples

When viewing an image resource, the resource summary page will also show the 5 largest image samples. Sentry determines the span is an image if it has one of the following extensions: 'jpg', 'jpeg', 'png', 'gif', 'svg', 'webp', 'apng', 'avif'.

If size information is not available, the samples will not be ordered in any particular order. If the images are publicly accessible and the 'Enable Images' project settings is enabled, then the actual images will be rendered in the UI.

<Note>

> At the moment, relative resource span descriptions (ones that begin with '/') are not supported for the image preview. We are working on adding this soon!

Reviewer 2: We should open a GH issue and link it here for the feature request - we tend to use this pattern for stuff like this.

Even though we know we are going to fix it, it might also be another avenue to encourage general feedback.
